This class allow you to retrive "lorem ipsum" placeholder text from lipsum.com.

== What is "lorem ipsum"?

"Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. 
Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, 
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type 
specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap 
into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was 
popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem 
Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus 
PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum." (from lipsum.com)

== Synopsys

  require 'lipsum'

  t = Lipsum.new( )
  t.paragraphs[3]
  
  puts t

or

  puts Lipsum.paragraphs[3]

=== Initialization

  Lipsum::new( start = true )
  
If start is set to true, the placeholder text will start with 'Lorem ipsum 
dolor sit amet...'.

=== Create paragraphs, words, bytes or lists

  Lipsum.paragraphs[size]
  Lipsum.words[size]
  Lipsum.bytes[size]
  Lipsum.lists[size]
  
With those methods, you can create placeholder texts with size `size'

You can also use 

  Lipsum#paragraphs![size] 

which is the same thing as 

  Lipsum.new(true).paragraphs[size] 

or

  Lipsum#paragraphs[size]

which is the same thing as 

  Lipsum.new(false).paragraphs[size] 

This is also avalaible for words, bytes ans lists

=== Print

  Lipsum.to_s
  Lipsum.to_html

You can just 'puts' the Lipsum instance to print the text version. If you want 
an html version, use Lipsum.to_html

== Requirements

This lib require nokogiri : http://nokogiri.rubyforge.org/nokogiri/

== Licence

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.